Bribe Acceptance and Rejection Hails (#198)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/CreatingGovernments.md

In order to receive hails from a ship, you must share a language with its government. Languages are discussed in more detail below. Beginning in **v. 0.10.1**, the only exception to this is if the government has the `"send untranslated hails"` token, which allows its ships to send hails even if you do not share a language.

> Beginning in **v0.10.17**, you can use `"ship bribe acceptance hail"` and `"planet bribe acceptance hail"` to customize the text that appears to the player when they offer a bribe. If not specified, it defaults to "It's a pleasure doing business with you."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning in **v0.10.17**, you can use `"ship bribe acceptance hail"` and `"planet bribe acceptance hail"` to customize the text that appears to the player if their offered bribe is accepted. If not specified, it defaults to "It's a pleasure doing business with you."
```

Maybe

Author: would have been fine, but warp's suggestion refactors it anyway

> You can also use `"ship bribe rejection hail"` and `"planet bribe rejection hail"` to customize the text that appears to the player when their bribe is rejected. If not specified, it defaults to "I do not want your money."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beginning in **v. 0.10.17**, you can use `"ship bribe acceptance hail"`, `"ship bribe rejection hail"`, `"planet bribe acceptance hail"`, and `"planet bribe rejection hail"` to customize the text that appears to the player when a bribe is accepted or rejected by a ship or planet.
The default text on acceptance if no phrase is provided is: "It's a pleasure doing business with you."
The default text on rejection if no phrase is provided is: "I do not want your money."
```
